Update changelog for v0.8.8 (#635)
MaterializeInc/terraform-provider-materialize: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.8.8 - 2024-08-26

### Features

> * Add `wait_until_ready` option to `cluster` resources, which will help reduce downtime when terraform updates a cluster. [#632](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/terraform-provider-materialize/pull/632)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `wait_until_ready` option to `cluster` resources, which allows graceful cluster reconfiguration (i.e., with no downtime) for clusters with no sources or sinks. [#632](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/terraform-provider-materialize/pull/632)
```
